Somebody asks, so this is like when
we want async work going on and
then coming back to a machine?
And yes, this is exactly how
you could think about it, and
this is what we're doing
exactly here in this exercise.
We have this async work of loading a song,
and then once that's done,
and we come back to our ready states,
we remember what the previous, or
not the previous, but we remember what the
child state that that ready state was in.
Is there a way to set some default data
when we trigger an action by clicking
events in the inspector to avoid
typing the events data each time?
So this refers to the visualizer and
in the visualizer,
you can send in events
with payload over here.
So I could send some events and
I could add some payload,
Hello, and then I could go ahead and
send that events.
Right now,
there is no way to have defaults data,
but that is coming as a future
feature inside the visualizer.
Does history work for parallel states?
So each region returns to its
previously selected state?
And the answer is yes,
because each region is most of the time,
unless you don't have any child states,
every region is a compound state.
So you can specify a region
that has child states and
also has a sibling history
state that you could go into.
What makes an infinite or
a recursive machine?
So, we have finite state machines,
which the finite means the finite number
of states events and transitions.
An infinite state machine
doesn't really make sense.
So you could think of an infinite state
machine as a finite state machine that
just can have infinite data, and that
actually sort of is already like these
state machines and
state charts that have context.
So you might imagine, for example,
a machine that has a count value that
could count all the way up to infinity.
Then if you represent each one of the
aggregate states as including the count,
then, of course, this state machine
has an infinite number of states.
However, if you just
consider the behaviors,
then the behaviors should be finite.
And even though you might have an infinite
amount of combinations of data, which is
definitely the case for most applications,
the behaviors themselves are finite.
So that's what the finite means
in finite state machines.